Document the unbind-system-db command and add details about the system db in cluster (#2631)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/unbind-system-database.adoc

:description: The page describes the neo4j-admin command `dbms unbind-system-db`.
[role=enterprise-edition]

= Unbind the `system` database

You can use the `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command to remove and archive the cluster state for the `system` database, so that the server can rebind to a new `system` database in the cluster.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

[CAUTION]
====
Executing of the `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command does not affect the other databases' cluster state.
However, since all servers in the DBMS need to be shut down when the command is issued, downtime is expected for all databases inside of the DBMS.
====
```

Reviewer: Great!

----

[[unbind-system-db-description]]
== Description

Removes and archives cluster state for `system` database.

[[unbind-system-db-options]]
== Options

The `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command has the following options:

.`neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` options
[options="header", cols="5m,6a,2m"]
|===
| Option
| Description
| Default

|--additional-config=<file>
|Configuration file with additional configuration.
|

|--archive-cluster-state[=true\|false]
|Enable or disable the cluster state archiving.
|false

|--archive-path=<path>
|Destination (file or folder) of the cluster state archive.
|

|--expand-commands
|Allow command expansion in config value evaluation.
|

|-h, --help
|Show this help message and exit.
|

|--verbose
|Enable verbose output.
|
|===

[[unbind-system-db-limitations]]
== Limitations

The Neo4j process must be shut down on all servers before running the `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command.

[[unbind-system-db-usage]]
== Usage

The `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command removes and archives cluster state for the `system` database, so that the server can rebind to a new `system` database in a cluster.

> This command should be run on all remaining members on a cluster to work as expected. Furthermore, the Neo4j process must be shut down before the command is issued.

Reviewer: Nice!

----

[[unbind-system-db-description]]
== Description

Removes and archives cluster state for `system` database.

[[unbind-system-db-options]]
== Options

The `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command has the following options:

.`neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` options
[options="header", cols="5m,6a,2m"]
|===
| Option
| Description
| Default

|--additional-config=<file>
|Configuration file with additional configuration.
|

|--archive-cluster-state[=true\|false]
|Enable or disable the cluster state archiving.
|false

|--archive-path=<path>
|Destination (file or folder) of the cluster state archive.
|

|--expand-commands
|Allow command expansion in config value evaluation.
|

|-h, --help
|Show this help message and exit.
|

|--verbose
|Enable verbose output.
|
|===

[[unbind-system-db-limitations]]
== Limitations

The Neo4j process must be shut down on all servers before running the `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command.

[[unbind-system-db-usage]]
== Usage

The `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command removes and archives cluster state for the `system` database, so that the server can rebind to a new `system` database in a cluster.

> This command should be run on all remaining members of a cluster to work as expected.

Reviewer 2: This is my whole suggestion (all comments here combined), if you want to apply it:

```suggestion
You must shut down all cluster members before running the command on each of them.
For details, see xref:clustering/multi-region-deployment/disaster-recovery.adoc#make-the-system-database-write-available[Disaster recovery guide -> Make the `system` database write-available].

The `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command does not affect the cluster state of the standard databases.
However, since all servers in the DBMS must be shut down when the command is issued, downtime is expected for all databases within the DBMS.
```

> Furthermore, the Neo4j process must be shut down on all remaining servers at the same time before the command is issued.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

For details, see xref:clustering/multi-region-deployment/disaster-recovery.adoc#make-the-system-database-write-available[Disaster recovery guide -> Make the `system` database write-available].

> This does not affect the other databases cluster state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `neo4j-admin dbms unbind-system-db` command does not affect the cluster state of the standard databases.
```

> However, since all servers in the DBMS need to be shut down when the command is issued, downtime is expected for all databases inside of the DBMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, since all servers in the DBMS must be shut down before the command is issued, downtime is expected for all databases within the DBMS.
```
